Info about programs present in this folder. I hope these makes sense.. I am not so good with literature stuff.

------------------
backgroundCode.py
------------------

What this file does is it take 5 frames and calculates their median and generates a new frame out of those median values. This code will 
be used to update the background when their is no motion. Currently, We are taking first frame out and comparing next frames with the first
frame so as to detect the motion. And now what we do is after 1 loop finishes we update current frame to previous frame and 
again compare it so as to detect motion. But this is not ideal as even though if their is motion in current frame we are using the same 
frame with the next frame to find motion. So using this when we dont detect motion we will run this code and keep updating background
frame. Hope this increases accuracy.

--------------
blankImage.py
--------------

This file is used to generate Heat map for TVS inside of store feed. We take the input generated by motionDetection.py file (Present in
motion detection folder) and put those input in a variables.Then we convert those variables in a np array. After that we initialize an
array with zeroes which is of the same size as the first screenshot of the feed as we are going to plot heat map on that.Then in a loop 
we take read the variables and increment the value of the array. And based on those values we assign the color to the pixel.After that 
we overlay the heat map onto the layout.

All the function calls used are general except for cv2.addWeighted(overlay, alpha,dest , 1 - alpha,0, output) [line no. 232]

Python Usage: cv.AddWeighted(src1, alpha, src2, beta, gamma, dst) → None
Parameters:	
src1 – first input array.
alpha – weight of the first array elements.
src2 – second input array of the same size and channel number as src1.
beta – weight of the second array elements.
dst – output array that has the same size and number of channels as the input arrays.
gamma – scalar added to each sum.
dtype – optional depth of the output array; when both input arrays have the same depth, dtype can be set to -1, which will be equivalent 
to src1.depth().
The function addWeighted calculates the weighted sum of two arrays as follows:
            dst(I)=saturate(src1(I)*alpha+src2(I)*beta+gamma)    
where I is a multi-dimensional index of array elements. In case of multi-channel arrays, each channel is processed independently.

The function can be replaced with a matrix expression:
dst = src1*alpha + src2*beta + gamma;

-------------------
croppingAnImage.py
-------------------

This program can be used to crop a portion of an image.

-----------
heatMap.py
-----------

This script can be used to generate heat map of TVS outside video feed.Everything works the same way as mentioned for blankImage.py 
except there is no overlay in this.

-----------
overlay.py
-----------

This script can be used to overlay one image onto another image. This code has been used in blankImage.py to overlay heatMap onto 
Layout.

--------------------
time_calculation.py
--------------------

What this script does is, it takes the csv generated by motionDetection.py script and take the time values and it makes the new csv with 
the updated time values. (Time value meaning how much time 1 person spent in front of that camera moving. This might not be accurate so
we need to find a new method.)
In older csv that this script takes as input it contains frame by frame time or you can say the seconds there was a movement. Now each 
contours moves at same pace(assuming) so their time has to same in each frame. So we sum up the same time present in the older csv and 
put new time in a new csv that can be used to find time spent by people moving in front of that camera. 




